Fix unclear text in workflow page (#18410)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/jobs/section-using-jobs-in-a-workflow-name.md

> Use `jobs.<job_id>.name` to set a name for the job, which is displayed in the GitHub UI.

Reviewer: It's good practice to use the product variable here.
```suggestion
Use `jobs.<job_id>.name` to set a name for the job, which is displayed in the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} UI.
```
